Hi friends
In this video we are going to learn
the Basic Structure of a C program.
For every C programme We have two major sections
First one is the header section and the second one
is the main section First let us learn
Why we need this header section. In the header section
We will include some of the standard header files and
the header files consist of multiple pre written codes
For example stdio.h math.h et cetera
and in stdio.h we have pre-written
codes for printf, scanf et cetera. for reading or writing
the data
And if you want to use these functions you definitely
need to include the header file stdio.h
and in math.h will have all
the mathematical functions definitions like finding the power or square
root of a number again
If you want to use these functions you shall include
math.h header file
So that is the header section where we include the header
files like these and then we have the main
section and every program must have this main function
And when we run the programme the operating system begins the
execution from the main function and we can write the
code inside main function
And both these sections together make a C programme
So that's all and thank you for watching this video